Add new endpoint to allow reading initial configuration for the backend server (#4619)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

   :statuscode 409: No user is logged in or tried to set eth rpc endpoint that could not be reached.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error

> Getting backend server arguments

Reviewer: I would like to switch towards seeing rotki as a collection of local daemons that will run together, so don't want to name something as server. Say either `backend` or maybe at some point we can say `core` 

```suggestion
Getting backend arguments
```

================================

> .. http:get:: /api/(version)/settings/server_arguments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. http:get:: /api/(version)/settings/configuration
```

>    By doing a GET, you can retrieve the parameters used to initialize the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By doing a GET, you can retrieve the parameters used to initialize the backend
```

>    By doing a GET you can get the parameters used by the backend server when it was started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   By doing a GET, you can retrieve the parameters used to initialize the server.
```
